# BSYS-2065

## Intro
This repo holds all homework-related work from my BSYS-2065 course. It consists of 
* Turtle, 
* Math
* and Random libraries
* Conditional Statments
* For loops
* While loops

---

## Disclaimer
All content in this repo is uploaded for **future reference and backing up**. Some files may not be effecient and is made to illistrate what I have learned from each chapter. Understand that this repo **doesn't take Time complexity and Space compexity into account**. 

Only a few files don't run, this intentional for **educational purposes**. Some files in one of the chapters may not run. This could be because it is still a work-in-progess. 

**BSYS-2065 is now finished as of May 19th, 2023.** Any new content I put are not part of the course but part of the textbook. I'll be learning more until I complete most of or all chapters. There are currently 20 chapters. This course ended at chapter 10. 

## File Structure
### Chapters 3-10
Homework

### **/img**
All images used go in here

### **/practice**
Used to spread my wings beyond the textbook and experiment with various of strategies or debugs small chunks of code. 

### **/test** 
Used to make sure modules and example code work the same way how its expected. This is more or less a free for all

### **/test/perplexity_e.py**
This file is generated by AI to modify the program to turn around when a collision is met. I've struggled with fixing this program so I am looking for help in different avenues. 

---

## Version
3.11.2